PREVIOUSLY ON YU-GI-OH!
Yami-Bakura: HA HA HA!
YUGI, YOU FOOL!
YOU HELPED ME RELEASE THE POWER
OF DARK SANCTUARY,
AND NOW THE FIELD IS COVERED
WITH A MAGIC SO TERRIFYING,
IT WILL KEEP YOU
IN A CONSTANT STATE OF FEAR.
I PLAY DESTINY BOARD.
DESTINY BOARD?
WHAT DOES IT DO?
USING THE LETTERS
ON THIS BOARD,
THEY SHALL SPELL OUT
A MESSAGE FOR YOU.
AFTER FIVE TURNS PASS
AND ALL FIVE LETTERS
ARE REVEALED,
THIS DUEL WILL END,
AND YOU'LL LOSE
EVERYTHING, YUGI!!
I PLAY
MONSTER REBORN!
DARK NECROFEAR,
RETURN!
SO SAY GOODBYE TO
YOUR DARK SANCTUARY!
SINCE DESTROYING DARK
NECROFEAR RELEASED IT,
I KNEW BRINGING IT BACK
WOULD DEFEAT IT.
UGH! NOW I ADD
THE FOURTH LETTER
TO THE DESTINY BOARD!
IT'S TOO BAD
YOU'LL NEVER PLAY
THE LAST LETTER.
NOW PREPARE
YOURSELF, YUGI!
IT'S MY MOVE,
AND THIS DUEL
IS FAR FROM OVER.
THE FATE OF THE WORLD
DEPENDS ON MY VICTORY.
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH
IS IN THE GAME ♪
IT'S TIME TO D-D-DUEL!
Yami-Bakura:
IT'S OVER YUGI!
THE CARD I'VE JUST DRAWN
WILL DESTROY YOU!
Yami-Yugi:
ENOUGH TALK!
MAKE YOUR MOVE!
IT'S TIME FOR YOU
TO LOSE IT ALL.
YOU MAY HAVE DESTROYED
MY DARK SANCTUARY
AND STOPPED ITS MAGIC...
BUT THAT
WAS ONLY TEMPORARY.
A MAGIC THAT POWERFUL
DOES NOT FADE SO EASILY.
SO I SUMMON JOWGEN
THE SPIRITUALIST!
WHAT'S YOUR PLAN?
TELL ME!
I'M STUMPED.
WHAT'S DAT DO?
HEY, YOU TELL US,
MISTER EXPERT!
I'VE NEVER SEEN
IT, A'RIGHT!?
WELL, EXCUSE ME!
I THOUGHT YOU KNEW
THIS STUFF!
Yami-Bakura:
HA HA HA!
BY SACRIFICING
ONE CARD IN MY HAND,
I CAN USE JOWGEN
THE SPIRITUALIST
TO DESTROY ALL SPECIALLY
SUMMONED MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD.
NO WAY!
WAY. SINCE YUGI
SUMMONED DARK NECROFEAR
WITH A MAGIC CARD,
BAKURA CAN DESTROY IT!
BUT WON'T THAT RELEASE
THE DARK MAGIC THING
WITH ALL THE EYEBALLS
LIKE LAST TIME!?
MM-HMM.
SO I SACRIFICE
THIS CARD...
[CHUCKLES]
TO ACTIVATE JOWGEN!
TO DO MY DIRTY WORK
FOR ME.
DESTROY DARK NECROFEAR!
UH! YOU'VE SENT
DARK NECROFEAR
BACK TO
THE CARD GRAVEYARD.
THAT MEANS
ONE THING!
YES!
DARK SANCTUARY
IS RETURNING
AND COVERING THE FIELD
ONCE AGAIN IN ITS
POWERFUL MAGIC!
THIS WILL ALLOW ME
TO PLAY THE FIFTH
AND LAST LETTER
OF THE DESTINY BOARD,
SPELLING OUT
ITS COMPLETE MESSAGE,
A MESSAGE THAT
WILL END THIS DUEL
IN YOUR DEFEAT, YUGI!
IT ALL HAPPENS
IN ONE MORE TURN,
SO PREPARE TO SAY GOODBYE
TO THE BATTLE CITY FINALS...
AND SO MUCH MORE!
HA HA HA!
YEEGH!
WIT DIS DARK MAGIC BACK,
I'M FREAKED OUT!
UGH. ALL RIGHT.
SNAP OUT OF IT,
CHICKEN-BOY!
ARE YOU JUST GONNA
CURL UP IN A BALL,
OR ARE YOU GONNA
CHEER FOR YOUR FRIEND!?
GO, YUGI!
COME ON...
YEAH! I KNOW YOU
CAN GET OUTTA
DIS MESS, BUDDY!
ARE YOU SURE?
NO MATTA
HOW TOUGH DA FIGHT,
YUGI ALWAYS
PULLS THROUGH.
I'M NOT SAYIN'
IT'S GONNA BE EASY,
BUT YUGI CAN DO IT!
Yami-Bakura: I'D SUGGEST
GIVING UP NOW, YUGI!
NOTHING YOU DO
CAN STOP ME
FROM COMPLETING
THE DESTINY BOARD!
I SHALL REVEAL
THE LAST LETTER NEXT TURN,
AND YOU WILL
AUTOMATICALLY LOSE
EVERYTHING!
[GASP]
AND SINCE I MUST
SACRIFICE A MONSTER
TO MAINTAIN
DARK SANCTUARY,
FAREWELL, JOWGEN.
I'LL SET ONE CARD
FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
YAAGH!
REMEMBER, MY GHOST
IS BACK TO POSSESS
ONE OF YOUR MONSTERS.
Yami-Yugi:
I'M WELL AWARE.
BUT WHICH ONE
WILL I CHOOSE?
YOU'LL JUST HAVE
TO GUESS, EH, YUGI?
BUT ATTACKING ME WITH
A POSSESSED MONSTER
COULD COST YOU
YOUR LIFE POINTS,
SO CHOOSE WISELY!
FINE.
I HAVE NO INTENTION
OF LOSING!
I OUTSMARTED YOUR
SPIRIT ONCE BEFORE,
AND I PLAN
TO DO IT AGAIN.
THE FIRST THING
I NEED TO DO
IS FIGURE OUT WHICH
OF MY THREE MONSTERS
YOUR EVIL SPIRIT
POSSESSED.
THAT WON'T HELP YOU...
THANKS TO MY FACEDOWN CARD,
DARK SPIRIT OF THE SILENT.
SO NO MATTER
WHICH MONSTER YOU CHOOSE
TO ATTACK WITH...
MY DARK SPIRIT
OF THE SILENT
WILL SHIFT THAT ATTACK
TO THE MONSTER
THAT IS POSSESSED,
WHICH WILL THEN
CAUSE YOU TO LOSE
A LARGE NUMBER OF YOUR
REMAINING LIFE POINTS.
Yugi:
IF I ATTACK,
HIS GHOST WILL
DRAIN THE REST
OF MY LIFE POINTS.
BUT IF
I DON'T ATTACK,
HE'LL PLAY
THE LAST LETTER OF
THE DESTINY BOARD,
AND I'LL
AUTOMATICALLY LOSE!
AND NONE OF MY
MAGIC CARDS CAN
STOP HIM, EITHER!
BUT I CAN'T LOSE!
IT'S YOUR
LAST TURN, YUGI.
JUST ONE MOVE MORE,
AND I SHALL WIN.
YOU'RE DONE!
ONCE AND FOR ALL!
YOU CAN'T WIN, YUGI!
I THINK HE'S RIGHT.
YUGI HAS
NO OPTIONS LEFT!
COME ON, SHOW
A LITTLE FAITH, WILL YA!?
TRISTAN, I REALLY
HATE TO SAY IT,
BUT I THINK DUKE
MIGHT BE RIGHT
ABOUT THIS.
YUGI CAN ONLY
ATTACK ONCE,
AND WHEN HE DOES,
THAT GHOST IS GONNA
ATTACK HIM.
JOEY, IS SHE RIGHT?
NO WAY. YUGI'S
GONNA WIN DIS!
BUT, JOEY...
BUT NOTHIN'!
HE CAN DO IT!
WE BELIEVE
IN YA, YUGI!
I'VE SEEN
YOU GET OUT
OF WAY TOUGHER SPOTS
DEN DIS BEFORE.
SO WIN DIS!
YOU'RE RIGHT, JOEY.
YOU CAN DO IT, YUGI!
PULL THE SHEET
OFF HIS GHOST!
YUGI! HANG IN THERE!
YOU CAN BEAT 'IM, YUGI!
COME ON!
Marik:
THAT'S WHAT YOU THINK.
CAN'T YOU SEE?
I HAVE ALREADY
DEFEATED YOU.
JUST MAKE YOUR MOVE
SO I CAN END
THIS DUEL, YUGI!
Yugi: THERE IS ONE
CARD IN MY DECK
THAT CAN SAVE ME,
BUT EVEN IF
I AM LUCKY ENOUGH
TO DRAW IT,
IT MAY BE TOO
DANGEROUS TO PLAY.
THEN AGAIN, WHAT
CHOICE DO I HAVE!?
I GUESS WE ONLY HAVE
ONE HOPE TO WIN THIS.
THAT'S RIGHT.
IF WE DON'T PLAY
THE EGYPTIAN GOD CARD
THIS TURN,
WE'RE GONNA
LOSE THE DUEL,
AND WE'VE GOTTA WIN
TO SAVE THE WORLD!
WE HAVE TO DRAW IT NOW.
HMM. YES, WE MUST.
THE HEART
OF THE CARDS
WILL GUIDE US.
NOW LET'S DO THIS!
[THINKING]
USE YOUR EGYPTIAN
GOD CARD, YOU FOOL!
PREPARE TO EXPERIENCE
A POWER LIKE NO OTHER!
Yugi: COME ON,
HEART OF THE CARDS!
AAAH!
I SACRIFICE
DARK MAGICIAN GIRL,
GAMMA
THE MAGNET WARRIOR,
AND BIG SHIELD
GARDNA...
TO SUMMON
THE ALMIGHTY...
SLIFER
THE SKY DRAGON!!!
[ROAR]
HIS EGYPTIAN GOD CARD!
THAT IS THE ONE
MARIK DESIRES.
BUT HOW CAN I DEFEAT
THIS ALL-POWERFUL BEAST?
I WAS SO CLOSE!
WHAT'S THAT?
AHHH...JOEY?
THE HUGEST DUEL MONSTA
I'VE EVA SEEN!
[THINKING]
IT'S ABOUT TIME
HE PLAYED IT!
BUT YUGI BETTER
ENJOY SLIFER NOW,
BECAUSE BEFORE
THE FINALS ARE OVER,
THAT CARD WILL BE
IN MY DECK!
[THINKING] SLIFER THE SKY DRAGON
HAS BEEN PLAYED BY THE PHARAOH,
JUST AS MY MILLENNIUM NECKLACE
TOLD ME IT WOULD.
ALL THREE EGYPTIAN GOD CARDS
ARE PRESENT ON THIS AIRCRAFT,
AND MY BROTHER MARIK
MUST NOT OBTAIN THEM.
THE ONLY ONE CAPABLE
OF PREVENTING MARIK
FROM SEIZING
THE POWER HE DESIRES
IS THE PHARAOH HIMSELF.
YUGI!
YOUR EGYPTIAN GOD CARD
IS POWERFUL,
BUT IT DOES NOT
GUARANTEE YOUR VICTORY.
I'VE COME MUCH TOO FAR
TO LOSE NOW!
I'M AFRAID
IT'S OVER!
UHH!
I KNEW THIS
WAS GOING TO HAPPEN.
IN ORDER FOR YOU
TO DEFEAT THAT CREATURE...
YOU'LL NEED ME!
GO ON!
THE NUMBER OF CARDS
IN HIS HAND
DETERMINES HOW MANY
ATTACK POINTS SLIFER HAS.
LISTEN CAREFULLY...
HE NOW HOLDS THREE CARDS.
THAT GIVES THE ALL-POWERFUL
SLIFER THE SKY DRAGON
3,000 ATTACK POINTS,
AND YOU ONLY HAVE
1,200 LIFE POINTS
REMAINING.
WHICH MEANS THAT
AS SOON AS SLIFER
LAUNCHES AN ATTACK,
YOU'RE FINISHED.
NEVER!
THE GHOST
OF DARK SANCTUARY
IS STILL WANDERING
THE FIELD, YUGI.
AND NOW, MY EVIL GHOST,
IT'S TIME TO ATTACK!
POSSESS SLIFER
THE SKY DRAGON!
WHAT HAPPENED!?
MY DARK GHOST
HAD NO EFFECT!
LISTEN.
YOU HAVE MUCH TO LEARN
ABOUT THE POWER OF
AN EGYPTIAN GOD CARD!
[THINKING]
UH! THIS CAN'T BE.
SLIFER THE SKY DRAGON
IS MUCH TOO POWERFUL.
I DON'T HAVE ANY MORE
CARDS IN MY HAND,
NOR DO I HAVE ANY MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD TO PROTECT ME.
DARK SANCTUARY
WAS MY ONLY HOPE,
BUT SLIFER
HAS RENDERED IT USELESS.
WHAT CAN I DO
AGAINST THE OVERWHELMING POWER
OF AN EGYPTIAN GOD CARD!?
ALL I HAVE IS MY
FACEDOWN TRAP CARD,
AND IT'S OF NO USE TO ME!
I CAN'T LOSE.
THERE'S TOO MUCH
AT STAKE FOR ME.
I MUST WIN!
YOU WON'T WIN!
THIS DUEL IS OVER!
MMM. ALL RIGHT!
NICE GOIN', YUGE!
PREPARE TO LOSE!
THIS CAN'T BE.
IT'S NOT OVER YET,
YOU FOOL!
I HAVE A PLAN
FOR US!
WHAT?
SLIFER
THE SKY DRAGON,
ATTACK HIS
LIFE POINTS WITH--
Yugi: I SENSE SOMETHING.
Yami-Yugi: MARIK!!
WHAT DOES HE WANT?
Marik: WHY DIDN'T
HE ATTACK ME?
Odion:
PERHAPS YOU WANT TO WAIT
BEFORE YOU ATTACK
WITH SLIFER THE SKY DRAGON.
Yami-Yugi: WHAT DO
YOU WANT, MARIK!?
'EY, COME UP HERE
AND GET A PIECE A DIS!
JOEY!
I DON'T THINK YOU WANNA
MESS WITH THIS GUY, MAN!
THEY THINK HE'S ME.
HEY YOU...
JUST WHO DO YOU
THINK YOU ARE ANYWAY?
YOU CAN'T JUST BUST
IN HERE AND INTERRUPT
SOMEONE ELSE'S DUEL.
WHAT IS IT!?
LISTEN CAREFULLY.
BAKURA IS NOW
UNDER THE CONTROL OF
THE MILLENNIUM ROD,
AND HE WILL DO
ONLY WHAT I
COMMAND HIM TO DO.
WHAT? HOW CAN THAT BE?
I THOUGHT THE SPIRIT
OF THE MILLENNIUM RING
WAS IN CONTROL OF BAKURA?
TRUE,
BUT NOW I AM IN CONTROL
OF BOTH BAKURA
AND THE SPIRIT,
AND NOW
I SHALL PROVE IT
BY FREEING
YOUR FRIEND'S MIND!
WHAT?
JUST WHAT DO YOU THINK
YOU'RE DOING, MARIK?
THE ONLY WAY
TO WIN THIS DUEL
IS FOR YOU TO RELEASE
THE MIND OF THE BOY
YOU CONTROL.
WHY SHOULD I?
YOUR OPPONENT
WON'T DESTROY HIS FRIEND.
FINE.
UHH...UHH...
AHH...
OH, MY ARM...
IT HURTS...
BAKURA!
ARE YOU OK?
YUGI, HELP ME?
I DON'T KNOW WHERE I AM?
WHAT AM I DOING HERE
IN THIS DUEL?
WHAT HAPPENED TO MY ARM?
IT IS HIM.
HE'S IN PAIN.
WITHOUT THE SPIRIT OF THE RING,
HE IS WEAK.
THEREFORE...
YOU MAY WISH TO RECONSIDER
YOUR ATTACK.
THE DEVASTATION CAUSED
BY SLIFER THE SKY DRAGON
COULD MAKE YOUR FRIEND'S
CONDITION EVEN WORSE.
WHAT?
WOULD YOU RISK THE HEALTH
OF YOUR FRIEND?
ONLY A COWARD WOULD DO
SOMETHING LIKE THIS
TO WIN A DUEL!
DAT'S A CHEAP TRICK,
MARIK!
BAKURA!
HANG IN THERE!
YUGI!
Marik: HMM...
WELL DONE, ODION.
HE'LL NEVER
ATTACK HIS PATHETIC,
DEFENSELESS FRIEND NOW.
MASTER MARIK ALWAYS
KNOWS WHAT'S BEST.
I MUST OBEY
HIS COMMANDS.
I DON'T FEEL
VERY WELL, YUGI...
BAKURA!!
STOP RIGHT THERE!
YOU ARE NOT ALLOWED TO HAVE
CONTACT WITH YOUR OPPONENT
DURING A DUEL.
TAKE ONE MORE STEP,
AND YOU'LL BE
DISQUALIFIED.
[GROWLS]
Yugi: I'VE GOT TO HELP BAKURA,
BUT IF I DO, I'LL BE KICKED OUT
OF THE FINALS,
AND THE ENTIRE WORLD
WILL BE IN DANGER.
Tea: STOP THE DUEL
RIGHT NOW!
Tristan:
BAKURA NEEDS
TO SEE A DOCTOR.
WE'VE GOT TO GET HIM
TO A HOSPITAL NOW!
Marik:
IT'S THE PERFECT PLAN.
WITH BAKURA IN NEED
OF MEDICAL ATTENTION,
YAMI WILL LOSE THE DUEL,
AND HIS EGYPTIAN
GOD CARD WILL BE MINE!
IF YOU DON'T CONTINUE TO DUEL,
YOU WILL FORFEIT THE MATCH!
[GROWLS]
UHH...YUGI...HELP...
Yugi: IF I ATTACK BAKURA
TO WIN THIS,
I MAY HURT HIM EVEN MORE,
BUT IF I DON'T,
I'LL BE DISQUALIFIED!
YUGI, I'LL MAKE
THIS DECISION
VERY EASY FOR YOU.
FINISH HIM OFF!
I OFFER YOU
A SECOND WARNING.
MAKE YOUR MOVE
OR LOSE YOUR SPOT
IN THE FINALS.
NOW GO.
CHILL OUT, BUDDY.
CAN'T YOU SEE
THE POOR GUY'S
INJURED?
COME ON!
WHAT KINDA SHOW
YOU GUYS RUNNIN' HERE!?
GET DOWN, OR YOU
WILL BE DISQUALIFIED
FROM THE FINALS, AS WELL!
WHAT? ARE YOU
KIDDIN' ME!?
OHH, IF I COME
DOWN THERE...
HE'S NOT THE ONLY ONE
WHO'S GONNA NEED
MEDICAL ATTENTION...
YOU ARE--
YAAAH!
UH!
CONTINUE THE DUEL NOW!
YUGI, DO IT!
Yugi: I'VE GOT
TO MAKE A DECISION!
DO I RISK BAKURA'S HEALTH
TO SAVE THE WORLD!?
WE'RE ABOUT
TO WIN THIS DUEL.
YUGI WOULD NEVER ATTACK
HIS FRIEND BAKURA.
UNLESS HE DOESN'T
WANT TO LOSE THE FINALS.
UHH...
PLEASE, SOMEONE HELP ME.
I DON'T FEEL WELL AT ALL.
I MUST LIE DOWN
AND GET SOME REST.
PLEASE.
AH!
MARIK. I MUST STEP IN.
I STILL NEED BAKURA...
AND I CAN'T RISK HIS HEALTH!
HE HOLDS THE MILLENNIUM RING
AND MY SPIRIT.
I MUST PROTECT HIM
FOR THE MOMENT.
HA HA HA!
WHAT!?
Yami-Bakura:
I'M BACK, YUGI!
HA HA HA!
IT'S YOU!
THAT'S RIGHT!
I'M BACK IN CONTROL
OF YOUR FRIEND, BAKURA!
I STILL NEED HIM.
WHAT?
SO IF YOU PLAN ON USING
YOUR EGYPTIAN GOD CARD, YUGI,
WHY DON'T YOU USE IT
ON ME RIGHT NOW!?
COME ON, YUGI!!
ALL RIGHT!
IT'S TIME! NOW!
GO, SLIFER
THE SKY DRAGON!
ATTACK!
Marik:
YUGI'S WON THIS DUEL,
BUT I'LL BE BACK
TO TAKE WHAT'S MINE!
HA HA HA!
SOON I SHALL CONTROL
THE WORLD'S GREATEST POWER!
UHH...
AND...THE WINNER IS...
DUELIST NUMBER THREE, YUGI MOTO.
BAKURA!
Joey:
NOW LOWER DAT ARENA
AND GET DEM DOWN HERE!
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT!?
Duke:
HANG IN THERE, MAN.
Joey:
WE GOTCHA, BUDDY.
Tristan: BAKURA!
HEY...SO WHERE AM I?
YOU'RE WITH YOUR
FRIENDS NOW, BAKURA.
HE DOESN'T
LOOK VERY GOOD.
I THINK WE NEED TO
GET HIM TO A DOCTOR.
SO WHY DON'T
WE GET KAIBA TA
LAND DIS DING!?
YEAH! BUT FIRST...
HELP HIM ONTO MY
BACK SO THAT WE CAN
GET HIM TO HIS ROOM.
UH!
THERE YA GO.
Yugi: I'M GLAD BAKURA'S OK.
THAT WAS ONE OF THE TOUGHEST
CHOICES I EVER HAD TO MAKE.
IF THE EVIL SPIRIT
DIDN'T COME BACK TO DUEL,
I DON'T KNOW WHAT
I WOULD HAVE DONE.
THE MILLENNIUM RING
IS A LOT LIKE MY PUZZLE.
IT HOLDS AN ANCIENT SPIRIT
THAT DEPENDS ON SOMEONE ELSE
SO IT CAN EXIST,
AND EVEN THOUGH THE SPIRIT
OF THE RING IS EVIL
AND CONTROLS BAKURA
AGAINST HIS WILL,
IT SEEMS TO STILL NEED BAKURA
IN ORDER TO SURVIVE.
BUT THERE IS ONE
MAJOR DIFFERENCE
BETWEEN BAKURA
AND I, YAMI.
WHAT'S THAT?
THE SPIRIT
INSIDE MY ITEM
IS MY FRIEND,
AND YOU AND I
ARE ALWAYS THERE TO
SUPPORT EACH OTHER,
NO MATTER WHAT
COMES OUR WAY.
YOU WERE THERE TO HELP
ME WHEN MY GRANDFATHER
WAS IN TROUBLE,
AND NOW I'M HERE
TO HELP YOU RESCUE
THE WORLD FROM EVIL!
I PROMISE.
TOGETHER,
WE'LL FIGURE OUT
THE SECRETS
OF YOUR ANCIENT PAST
AND HOW TO UNLOCK YOUR
HIDDEN POWERS BEFORE
MARIK CAN TAKE THEM,
BECAUSE YOUR DESTINY
IS MINE, TOO!
AND WE'RE GONNA WIN!
THAT'S RIGHT!
THIS WAS
A TOUGH DUEL,
BUT THANKS
TO OUR TEAMWORK AND
THE HEART OF THE CARDS,
WE CAME OUT ON TOP!
NOW WE'RE HEADED
FOR ROUND TWO,
AND WE'RE
GONNA TAKE IT
ALL THE WAY!
AS LONG AS WE
STICK TOGETHER!
RIGHT.
NOTHING WILL KEEP US
FROM OUR DESTINY.
AWESOME!
Roland: HOLD ON.
HUH?
ACCORDING TO
BATTLE CITY RULES,
AS THE WINNER OF THE DUEL,
YOU ARE ENTITLED
TO TAKE THE RAREST CARD
FROM YOUR OPPONENT'S DECK.
SO IT'S TIME TO CLAIM
YOUR PRIZE, YUGI.
HUH, NO WAY!
I THINK BAKURA HAS BEEN
THROUGH ENOUGH ALREADY!
SO YUGI WON THE FIRST DUEL
OF THE BATTLE CITY FINALS!
I KNEW HE WOULD!
NO SURPRISE.
WITH A CARD AS POWERFUL
AS SLIFER THE SKY DRAGON
IN HIS DECK,
YUGI IS DIFFICULT
TO DEFEAT...
[THINKING] HMM...
UNLESS, OF COURSE,
HIS OPPONENT
ALSO HAS
AN EGYPTIAN GOD CARD.
BAKURA'S BEEN
THROUGH A LOT,
AND HE DEFINITELY
NEEDS REST,
BUT WE GOTTA LAND
THIS BLIMP AND GET
HIM TO A HOSPITAL.
YEAH.
SOME CRAZY STUFF WENT DOWN
IN DAT DUEL,
ESPECIALLY WHEN
MARIK SHOWED UP.
WHAT EXACTLY HAPPENED
BACK THERE?
Yugi: FOR SOME REASON,
MARIK DIDN'T WANT THE SPIRIT
OF THE RING TO LOSE.
SO WHEN I WAS ABOUT TO PLAY
MY EGYPTIAN GOD CARD
AND WIN THE DUEL,
MARIK USED HIS MILLENNIUM ROD
TO FREE THE REAL BAKURA.
SINCE HE WAS INJURED,
MARIK KNEW I WOULD
FORFEIT THE DUEL
INSTEAD OF ATTACKING HIM,
BUT THE SPIRIT MUST HAVE BEEN
AFRAID I WOULD ATTACK BAKURA,
BECAUSE HE TOOK CONTROL
AGAIN AT THE END.
SO WAIT. DO YOU
MEAN TA TELL ME
DAT DA DARK SPIRIT
'A DA MILLENNIUM
RING LET YOU WIN?
YUP, BECAUSE HE DEPENDS
ON BAKURA TO SURVIVE,
AND IF I ATTACKED
BAKURA WITH SLIFER,
THE SPIRIT MIGHT'VE BEEN
IN DANGER, TOO.
I'M CONFUSED.
EVEN THOUGH
THE EVIL SPIRIT
WAS IN CONTROL,
YA STILL ENDED UP
ATTACKING BAKURA.
NO. SINCE
THE EVIL SPIRIT
WAS IN CONTROL OF BAKURA
WHEN I ATTACKED HIM,
THE REAL BAKURA
WAS SPARED.
Tea: THIS IS ALL
SO CONFUSING,
BUT IT SOUNDS LIKE MARIK
AND THE EVIL SPIRIT
WERE IN THIS TOGETHER.
YEAH, BUT I'M NOT SURE
HOW OR WHY.
I JUST KNOW WE
CAN'T LET MARIK
WIN THIS TOURNAMENT,
AND HOPEFULLY THAT
EVIL SPIRIT WON'T
BE COMING BACK AGAIN.
I DON'T KNOW ABOUT YOU,
BUT I'VE HAD ENOUGH
OF EVIL SPIRITS...
AND MIND-CONTROLLING
FOR ONE DAY.
I'M SICK A DAT MARIK!
COME ON! LEMME AT 'IM!
HEY, DON'T GET YOURSELF
IN TROUBLE AGAIN!
ALL RIGHT.
I THINK IT'S TIME
TO TALK TO KAIBA
ABOUT GETTING BAKURA
BACK INTO THE HOSPITAL
AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.
YEAH.
TRISTAN'S RIGHT.
LET'S GET SOME HELP
FOR BAKURA!
THEN LET'S STOP
TALKIN' ABOUT IT
ALREADY AND GO!
GO AHEAD.
I'LL STAY HERE AND KEEP
AN EYE ON BAKURA.
OK. HANG IN
THERE, BAKURA.
HELP
IS ON DA WAY!
OH!
HUH?
Yugi: HOLD ON, GUYS!
WHAT'S WRONG, YUGI?
EVERYTHING A'RIGHT?
IT'S GONE.
HUH? WHAT'S GONE?
BAKURA'S
MILLENNIUM RING!
I DON'T
GET IT, GUYS.
HE HAD IT AROUND HIS
NECK UNTIL THE END
OF THE DUEL...
AND NOW IT'S
DISAPPEARED.
THAT THING SEEMS
TO COME AND GO
ALL THE TIME
WITHOUT
ANY EXPLANATION.
YEAH, AND YOUR
EGYPTIAN GOD CARD
PRA'BLY BLASTED IT
SKY HIGH!
NOW LET'S
GET GOIN', HAH!?
WELL...ALL RIGHT.
SEE YA, TEA.
LATER, GUYS.
Marik: HA HA HA!
Tea: HA HA HA!